I said it's really blind to your dog's eyes
Even the master doesn't know the master anymore
Whose owner?
You said you were here to party with me today
I booked all the hotels
Not who I am
You really think of yourself as a person
Who doesn't know that the second young master is the heir of the Li family?
you
Just a small street vendor who was quit by the rich and powerful
What right do you have to speak here?
Don't talk nonsense with him
Catch him first and then go back and clean him up
Someone is coming
Hey girls
Whoever dares to cause no harm, let's fight hard
Yeah, why fight?
There is nothing light on our mountain
The floor is humble and promises not to be bullied by you casually.
Second Young Master, you group of dirt
Are you going to have a hard time with me?
Unparalleled Kesi's dear brother
You took his computing seat and stole his wife
And eat it clean
There is no such reason in the world
You bunch of local chickens
What right do you have to reason with me here?
Okay, since you are willing to die
Then I will fulfill you
You wait for me.
I will call the people on the page to pick you up now.
Butcher, I was beaten
Please find some brothers to come to the imperial building.
Thanks.
You wait for me.
Butcher will be here soon
We'll see how you die